Integrated playground at tinygo.org/play (#410)
tinygo-org/tinygo-site: content/play/_index.md

					<ul>
						<li>
							We use the <a href="https://github.com/tinygo-org/tinygo">TinyGo compiler</a> in addition to the main Go compiler.
						</li>
						<li>
							Instead of running code on the server, code is compiled to <a
							href="https://webassembly.org/">WebAssembly</a> and runs
							directly in the browser.
						</li>
						<li>
							It can simulate a few popular boards directly in the browser.
							However, please note that this is a simulation which can differ
							in behavior from how the program will run on an actual device.
						</li>
						<li>
							Boards that support drag-and-drop programming can be flashed
							directly using the Flash button.
						</li>
					</ul>
					<p>
						Like the Go Playground, it's possible to share code
						snippets. These code snippets are stored on Google's
						servers in the US and can be viewed by some TinyGo
						members. While we'll try to make sure the shared data
						can only be accessed by those who have the URL, we
						cannot guarantee security. If you accidentally shared
						something that should not be shared (for example, a
						password or personally identifying information), you can

> 						contact us at [TODO] with the URL so we can remove it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
						contact us at [conduct@tinygo.org](mailto:conduct@tinygo.org) with the URL so we can remove it.
```

							We use the <a href="https://github.com/tinygo-org/tinygo">TinyGo compiler</a> in addition to the main Go compiler.
						</li>
						<li>
							Instead of running code on the server, code is compiled to <a
							href="https://webassembly.org/">WebAssembly</a> and runs
							directly in the browser.
						</li>
						<li>
							It can simulate a few popular boards directly in the browser.
							However, please note that this is a simulation which can differ
							in behavior from how the program will run on an actual device.
						</li>
						<li>
							Boards that support drag-and-drop programming can be flashed
							directly using the Flash button.
						</li>
					</ul>
					<p>
						Like the Go Playground, it's possible to share code
						snippets. These code snippets are stored on Google's
						servers in the US and can be viewed by some TinyGo
						members. While we'll try to make sure the shared data
						can only be accessed by those who have the URL, we
						cannot guarantee security. If you accidentally shared
						something that should not be shared (for example, a
						password or personally identifying information), you can
						contact us at

> 						<a href="mailto:conduct@tinygo.org">conduct@tinygo.org</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
						<a href="mailto:privacy@tinygo.org">privacy@tinygo.org</a>
```

Changes to alias `privacy@tinygo.org` as suggested.

Reviewer: @aykevl what do you think?

Author: I've updated the email address!
